Hello, I’m Joan Briz Chornet, and together with
my colleague Jesús Patiño Casas, we’re going to
present our website. Here, we can see the
homepage. Next to the title of our
page, we have a search bar with five options.
The first is 'Home,' which redirects us to
this same homepage we're viewing.
The second is the 'Index,' which, as we can see,
has an index of the same page. The third is
'Contact,' where we can find a form
to get in touch with us, with our contact hours
listed below. Fourth, we have the encyclopedia
article search, where we can look up
articles from the website's own encyclopedia,
and finally, we have a feedback form
for the website itself.
On the other hand, we have our alphabetical index,
where we can select tabs like
the letter A, which shows different conditions,
along with a brief description,
a table, an image, and sometimes a video. If
we return to the homepage, in the body section,
we can also see some articles, some of which
link to other sections of the website, while
others direct to external websites. Additionally,
we can see an image map that links
to external pages about the most
common diseases in each continent. We have an
accessibility button where we can view the
WCAG criteria that our website meets. In terms of
usability and accessibility, our website offers
different page styles, including dark mode,
high contrast mode, large text mode,
and a mode with both large text and high contrast.